Add `lesion-analysis` tutorial (#4586)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials/lesion-analysis/lesion-statistics.rst

.. _lesion-statistics:

> Compute statistics on segmented lesions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computing statistics on segmented lesions
```

To be coherent with other tutorials

.. _lesion-statistics:

Computing statistics on segmented lesions
##########################################################################

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spinalcordtoolbox/doc-figures/master/lesion-analysis/lesion-analysis_overview.png
  :align: center

> This section demonstrates how to compute statistics on segmented lesions using the ``sct_analyze_lesion`` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section demonstrates how to compute statistics on segmented lesions, such as number of lesions, lesion length, lesion volume, etc.
```
